Some tasks to be completed in finishing up the ChessBoard class

//--------------------------------------------------------------------------//

Implement the following rules:


-Pawn promotion (with Queen/Bishop/Rook/Knight option of promotion)
Promotion in chess is a rule that requires a pawn that reaches 
the eighth rank to be replaced by the player's choice of a 
bishop, knight, rook, or queen of the same color.
The new piece replaces the pawn on the same move. 
The player cannot convert the pawn to another king nor another pawn. 
The choice of the new piece is not limited to pieces previously captured, 
thus promotion can result in a player owning, for example, 
two or more queens despite starting the game with one.

-Checkmate

-Stalemate

-Add equivalence operator to ChessPiece/DerivedPieces 
(other comparison operators later, if ranking of pieces becomes relevant)

//----------------DONE----------------//

-Pawn capture via diagonals,
and prohibit false Pawn "captures" via simple row advances

-En Passant (aka, "why are pawns so needy?")
En passant itself can only occur in a game when a player exercises 
his option to move his pawn two squares on its initial movement and 
that move places his pawn next to the opponent’s pawn.
When this happens, the opposing player has the option to use his pawn 
to take the moved pawn “en passant” or “in passing” as if the pawn had 
only moved one square.

-Check 
Under the standard rules of chess, a player may not make any move 
that places or leaves their king in check. A player may move the king, 
capture the threatening piece, or block the check with another piece. 
A king cannot itself directly check the opposing king, 
since this would place the first king in check as well.

-Castling
Castling consists of moving the king two squares towards a rook 
on the player's first rank, then moving the rook to the square 
over which the king crossed. Castling may only be done if the king 
has never moved, the rook involved has never moved, 
the squares between the king and the rook involved are unoccupied, 
the king is not in check, and the king does not cross over 
or end on a square attacked by an enemy piece.

-Three-fold repetition
This rule states that if the same position is repeated three times 
and no progress is made, you can claim a draw. 
Two positions are by definition "the same" if the same types of pieces 
occupy the same squares, the same player has the move, the remaining 
castling rights are the same and the possibility to capture 
en passant is the same. The repeated positions need not occur in succession. 


//--------------------------------------------------------------------------//

Derive a Grandmaster board class?

- 50 move rule
The rule states that you can claim a draw if there has been no capture 
and if no pawn has been moved in the previous 50 moves.

-etc
-etc